Previously on Yellowjackets...
Hey. What's wrong?
Did you s... see something?
Let's fucking do this.
- Let's go!
- No.
- We're going.
- You're not.
This is so insane.
Who the fuck do
they think they are?
I think there's another way.
Fuck Shauna.
Whatever's going on. I want in.
They're up to something.
Who?
The others.
Why send me the fucking tape?
This was all in the note
that I left with the tape.
I am not the problem.
Shauna is the problem.
I'm just going to the car.
The fireplace...
I closed the flue.
Yeah. You're okay.
If the Wilderness is
telling you to put
that knife through my heart
so you survive your cancer.
then do it.
Oh. fuck! Fuck.
Why I can't I be that?
You don't want to be.
But I do.
Where is she? Melissa?
Van?
Van!
- What's going on?
- I just need your help.
I'm gonna give you this knife.
Tonight. cut yourself
and Kodi free.
We're gonna make a run for it.
Fucking knew it. Who
gave you the knife?
- It was Kodi.
- Lying fucking...
I want to be part of this.
What's wrong?
Something happened.
Shauna... she knows.
What are you doing?
I know how to get us home.
Oh. my God. You have
the fucking transponder?
♪ "Sleepwalking" ♪
♪ Who said that it was easy ♪
♪ Making waves that
become shallow ♪
♪ Believing in believing ♪
♪ Long live living ♪
♪ In the shadows ♪
♪ Beat myself against the wall ♪
♪ Broken records ♪
♪ Innocence and all ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- Get your hands off me.
- Bed check!
What?
♪ Sleepwalking ♪
What the fuck?
Are you deaf?
It'll be over in a second.
♪ Sleepwalking ♪
You're telling me this
is all your fault!?
Oh. fuck you! Fuck you!
Fuck you! Fuck you. Misty!
I know. I know. I
know. I know. I know.
I just. believe me.
wish I could undo it.
Are you gonna tell everyone?
Tell me how this
can get us home.
The scientists.
they had this. um...
uh. radio phone...
fancy thing...
and it was broken.
But Van's been trying to fix it.
Hey. are you okay?
Don't fucking talk to me.
Right.
Her place is clean.
Everyone back to bed.
♪ Watching static strobe ♪
♪ As the nights ♪
♪ Are growing colder ♪
♪ Sleepwalking ♪
I am ready.
My will is your will.
♪ I ♪
♪ Sleepwalking ♪
Oh. Oh. no. no. no.
No. Did I miss it?
Shh.
We didn't miss anything.
Do you remember
what we promised?
It's time to meet her.
Oh. no.
Are you there?
♪ "No Return" by Craig
Wedren and Anna Waronker ♪
♪ It was cool. nothing fire ♪
♪ Nothing broke ♪
♪ Keep simple ♪
♪ Nothing tired. nothing old ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ Oh. so cute. so revival ♪
♪ So alone ♪
♪ Birthday suit. just a smile ♪
♪ No one home ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ No return. no return ♪
♪ No reason ♪
I...
I knew she was a threat...
Just don't.
Here.
- ♪ "The Mystery of Love" ♪
- ♪ When you're not ♪
♪ By my side ♪
♪ The world's in two ♪
- ♪ And I'm a fool... ♪
- At least let me help you.
You're not fucking touching her.
- You get me the shovel.
- Okay.
♪ In my sight ♪
♪ Then everything ♪
♪ Just fades from view ♪
♪ The mystery of love ♪
♪ Belongs to you ♪
♪ The mystery of ♪
♪ Love belongs ♪
♪ To you ♪
I'm done forgetting. Van.
Starting now...
...I'm gonna remember all of it.
All of you.
♪ Am I a fool ♪
And all of me.
♪ Because of you ♪
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ Do we still ♪
♪ Have time? ♪
♪ To make this wrong ♪
♪ Somehow be right ♪
♪ The mystery of love ♪
♪ Belongs to you ♪
So. Callie?
Question for you.
- This is my school.
- Yeah.
I know. It's...
how I found you here. See...
...something's been
just vexing me.
Did you put something
in my drink?
Look. uh...
Yes. Sorry.
That's a devious thing to do...
drugging someone
without their knowledge.
I don't even have a good excuse.
I was just pissed at my
mom for not wanting me
- to talk to Lottie.
- Right.
Well. I can't say
that I don't relate
to your rationale.
Thanks?
I'm curious. did you get
the answers you were
looking for that night or...
right before you killed her?
Okay. I'm sorry.
but that's insane.
- Why would I...?
- That's exactly the question
I'm hoping you can
answer for me today.
Why is this photo of
you on Lottie's phone?
That doesn't prove anything.
Not on its own.
But your DNA does.
At first.
I thought it was your mother.
But then she had an alibi.
And then I saw the
picture. and I remembered
that mothers and daughters
share mitochondrial DNA...
and apparently
homicidal tendencies.
I swear I didn't
mean to kill her.
It was an accident. I...
You haven't told
anyone. have you?
Let me assure you. you will
feel a whole lot better
once you get this
off your chest.
It all started with that tape.
After everything that happened
at Lottie's compound I...
I knew you guys were
keeping secrets.
And then this package
showed up on our doorstep
after Natalie's funeral.
And it was addressed to my mom
but it had that
symbol thing on it.
So I-I took it.
I didn't listen to it.
I didn't even know how
to play it. and then when my mom
kicked Lottie out of the house.
the tape disappeared.
I figured Lottie had
to have taken it.
And she told me
that she was staying
with her dad in the city. so...
I went to find her.
Lottie. hi.
It's you.
Oh. what the fuck?
Look. I really only
came because...
you-you stole my tape.
Oh. You mean this tape?
Callie. you're not
here because of a tape.
You're here because
you want to understand
your mother.
Yeah. and?
Truth.
I will tell you
anything you want.
Does she just not love me?
Oh.
My dad says that she has PTSD.
but is it...?
Is that really it? Like.
she does normal mom stuff.
She bugs me about
my grades and...
she tells me she
loves me. but...
...then I look into
her eyes and...
...they're just...
...they're so cold. it's like...
It's like looking
straight into the earth.
Well. yeah.
Sort of.
What is that?
Well. you know what it is.
If I did. I wouldn't be asking.
But. Callie. you do.
It's It.
You know It.
You feel It right now.
I could see that the
first moment I met you.
holding that gun.
And when you drugged Misty.
That was It.
And your mother. she...
She felt It more strongly
than the rest of us.
And she sees It
growing in you.
- So. like. adrenaline?
- It's more than that.
It undergirds everything.
It is the pulse of life.
It's why we did what
we did out there.
It's why we couldn't stop.
You mean eating each other?
And hunting each other.
And all of those thrilling.
terrible things.
What's on that tape. Lottie?
It doesn't matter
what was on the tape.
It did its job.
It brought you here to me.
Its child.
Our child.
Okay. I don't know what
you're talking about.
But you will. you will.
When Its power starts to flow
through you. when Its will
and your will become
one and the same.
Callie. Callie.
Wait. listen to me.
♪ "Sleepwalking" ♪
You are the child
of that place.
It took our baby.
- And it gave us you.
- No.
Stop it. Stop it. You
are... freaking me out!
My mom was right.
You are not well.
I should not have come here.
You only could have come here.
I've been waiting 25 years.
What?
She can't love you
because she's jealous.
You're just like her.
But more.
♪ I ♪
♪ Sleepwalking ♪
- Oh. my God.
- ♪ I ♪
Lottie?
♪ I ♪
Fuck.
♪ Sleepwalking ♪
Dad. please.
Say something.
Y...
You...
You think she was
right. don't you?
And that I'm fucked
up. just like Mom.
No. No.
But I am.
No. No. no.
Honey. you're not.
Come here.
Not at all.
I've known you your
whole life. Cals.
I'm promise you. you're
not just like your mother.
You're not at all
like. like her.
Not at all. Really.
I ki...
...k-killed someone.
No. It was an accident.
Well. you were scared.
You were scared.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
It's okay. you're
telling me now.
Took your mom 25
years to tell me
ten percent of the truth.
Now... it doesn't even
seem like it was that much.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I didn't
protect you from her.
I should've done that.
That's what I should've done.
How's the water?
Warm enough yet?
Is there any progress?
It's warm... ish.
What does that mean?
It's turning on now. I think.
But it just sounds dead.
Darn it.
Okay. well. maybe we
can try again together.
No!
No. no.
No.
It's just like in my vision.
They're gone. my babies. they...
How?
How could It let this happen?
Maybe It wants us to leave.
We got too arrogant.
It's unhappy with us.
We have to prove
our faithfulness.
It wants blood.
We've done nothing
but spill blood.
Coach. the scientist.
the... the guide.
But they were all our enemies.
Mari. what are
you talking about?
Mari's right.
We haven't offered it ourselves.
It's not a real sacrifice
unless we cherish it.
We have to have another hunt.
I agree.
And we have to do
it right this time.
We have to show the
Wilderness our respect.
I'm out. Mm.
Natalie.
Any other objections?
Good.
We'll draw in the morning.
We're not leaving it
to chance this time.
I thought that was the point.
The Wilderness decides.
And It will.
but our job is still to
keep each other safe.
which starts with neither
of us drawing that card.
Tai. I can't do that.
Of course you can. You
did it with Crystal.
For shit bucket duty.
You're asking me...
You're asking me
to pick who dies.
These are our friends.
Our teammates.
Not all of them are.
Okay.
You want me to give
Hannah the queen?
Do you trust her?
Mm.
Van. she's a stranger.
She's the only person who...
Don't you understand?
This is happening.
If you or I die tomorrow.
are we really gonna be
congratulating ourselves
for having played fair
and followed the rules?
I guess not.
Jeff?
Callie?
We're sorry.
You have reached a number
that has been disconnected
or is no longer in service.
Shauna.
Oh. my God.
Sh-should I...?
You can start.
Shauna. what...
You don't need to
take any extra risk.
You can go back to your spot.
How'd you get into AP Stats?
It doesn't change the odds.
Besides. I trust
whatever It wills.
Misty. keep going.
Oh...
Tough break. Mar.
Take off your cape.
One. two...
- You okay?
- Three...
four. five.
six...
You deserve everything
that's coming to you!
Eight...
nine...
ten...
eleven. twelve...
thirteen...
fourteen...
...fifteen...
sixteen...
seventeen...
eighteen...
nineteen...
twenty...
twenty-one...
twenty-two...
twenty-three...
twenty-four...
twenty-five...
Hey. Hey. hey.
Get the fuck off of me. Travis.
If you're not
actually gonna hunt.
then don't get in my way.
Thirty...
None of this is real. you know.
Seriously. Travis.
You want to make it
two-for-two with your brother?
Don't you ever wonder
whose reality we're in?
Like. I-I'm pretty sure
that some of my thoughts
are Javi's thoughts.
My favorite thoughts
are Jackie's.
The slumber party make
outs? The jealousy?
The betrayal?
- Back the fuck up.
- It's not him.
It's not him.
Go. hunt.
Go. Hunt.
You should know every
corner of this house
is video recorded and saved to
a drive at a remote location.
What did you do to my family?
- What?
- They're gone.
They checked out of the hotel.
a-and now n-none of their
stuff is in our house.
And Callie's phone
is disconnected.
And I know that neither
of them would ever know
how to contact
the phone company.
Good for them.
I wouldn't have thought
Jeff had it in him.
Please don't tell me
you're blaming yourself.
The shock of you taking
responsibility for your actions
just might give me a stroke.
What are you talking about?
Out of all of us. you
had the information
that could've solved Lottie's
murder from the get-go.
You knew she gave
Callie the necklace?
Yes. And?
Wait a second.
Are you saying...?
What are you saying?
Your daughter murdered Lottie.
It explains the DNA evidence
and moreover. she
confessed to it. so...
Wait. she confessed?
She... Like. is she in jail?
No. no.
I strongly recommended against
involving law enforcement.
I did tell her to
talk to her dad.
Yikes.
I guess she did. huh?
This was none of your business.
Well. she was desperate for
someone to talk to. and...
you were busy eating your
ex-girlfriend's arm. so...
Why would Callie even do this?
If anything. it seems like she
wanted to be Lottie's friend.
It's almost as if
she's been lacking
strong examples in the
friendship department.
Oh. like your besties
have fared any better.
You are just as
fucked up as I am.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe that's why I didn't
believe Walter when...
Walter knows?
No. No.
I figured this
all out on my own.
and you should be
fucking glad I did.
You should go now. Shauna.
As dim a view as I have
of the Wiskayok PD.
I am not above calling them
for a restraining order.
Tai. Look.
Maybe they're trying
to cut her off
thinking she'll
head for the caves.
You go that way.
I'll try this way.
No.
Something's weird. Stay close.
This way.
Come on.
She might've doubled back.
These might not
even be her tracks.
Why would you say that?
I don't know. I'm just saying...
What is your problem?
Maybe you're trying
to let her get away.
What?
Who was supposed
to be the queen?
I know you fucked with the draw.
Do not fucking lie to me. Tai.
If you know what's good for you.
you'll back up.
We're losing time.
Let's get going.
Who is it?
It's me. Tai. you
need to come quick.
- Van's hurt. down by the ravine.
- What? How?
It's okay. I think
it's a hurt ankle.
But with two of us. we could
take her back to the village.
Okay. I'm gonna go. you can...
- She's lying.
- What?
- Why would I lie about...
- Shauna.
It's a trick.
She wants to separate us.
You're being paranoid.
No. I'm not.
Jesus. then come with us.
Fine.
Just go.
Go.
Please...
I'm on your side. I swear.
Of course you are. you're
on everyone's side.
If I didn't kill Kodi. Shauna
was gonna kill us both.
And that's why you're
following me? For Shauna?
No! I-I... I...
I came out here to study frogs.
Instead. my boyfriend
got ax-murdered. I-I...
I stabbed our
guide in the brain.
I've eaten human flesh.
I am just trying to
survive. the same as you.
All I want is to
get out of here.
You have to believe me.
I can hear it.
I'm not afraid.
Whatever you need. I
will give you freely.
With every breath...
...till my breath finally stops.
I know how much it must've
hurt to do what you did.
If we want to hunt...
...I might have an idea.
No!
You made me believe
that I could see things.
But Travis told me the truth.
You did see things.
Your visions came true.
just like mine.
just like Travis's.
Don't you see? We're
all connected to It.
No. I don't believe that.
I think that this
is all your fault.
This place is in us now.
Even if we go home...
...It will come with us.
It was just up here. I think.
The ravine is that way.
Right.
Yeah. the snow. I-I just
keep getting turned around.
What are you guys doing?
- Looking for you.
- Why?
Okay. what the hell is going on?
Nothing.
Whoa. what did I miss?
Mari's my friend.
I'm just trying to give
her a fighting chance.
She might still get away.
Do you see where we are?
You've been here already. Mari.
You could let it be different.
Oh. my God! Fuck off!
That's the horn.
It's over.
Not for me it isn't.
I knew you'd turn
out to be boring.
Thank you.
We all agreed when we came back
that we could keep
the past in the past.
That we would
protect one another.
As long as we kept our
secrets. all of us.
And what'd she do?
She keeps her
journals in a place
where her husband
can find them. she...
murders her lover.
she mutilated her ex.
It's Shauna's fault
that Van is dead.
Really?
It's her fault that
Natalie is dead. too.
And don't even get me started
on the shit she
pulled out there.
The worst of what
we went through.
she fueled it.
She thrived on it.
I forgot that for
the longest time.
But I can't anymore.
If we keep letting this slide.
she's gonna end up being
the last one standing.
And I don't want that.
Do you?
No.
I definitively do not.
♪ Raining blood ♪
♪ From a lacerated sky ♪
♪ Bleeding its horror ♪
♪ Creating my structure ♪
♪ Now I shall reign in blood ♪
Hey.
This is our fault.
We did everything we could.
It's Mari.
Take her out of there.
Pull the stakes and
fill the whole thing in.
You two. what's the holdup?
We've got a feast to prepare.
Natalie. Please. do the honors.
The Wilderness has
made its choice clear.
Prepare her for tonight.
And when it's done...
bring me her hair.
Fuck.
Hey!
Oh!
Mom!
I've tried for years to remember
what happened out there.
to understand why it seemed
like I couldn't
remember so much of it.
Why none of us could.
I'm finally starting to realize.
we can't remember it
because at some point
we became so alive in
that place that we lost
our capacity for
self-reflection.
The trauma people say
survivors forget things
to protect themselves
because they were
so horrible. but
I think we can't
or won't remember it clearly
because we recognize.
deep down. that we were
having so much fun.
That's the terrible truth
we left out there. buried.
Along with the people
we called our friends.
Except it's all
coming back to me now.
The danger.
The thrill.
The person I was back then.
Not a wife. or a mother.
I was a warrior.
I was a fucking queen.
Eat.
And never forget this.
I let all of it
slip away from me.
It's time to start
taking it back.
Hey. Natalie.
I want to believe that
you had nothing to do
with what happened out there.
but I have my suspicions.
Really?
You're not gonna say anything?
Is that your version
of a confession?
Hey. I am talking to you.
Hannah.
What did you do?
What the hell?
Where the fuck is Natalie?!
♪ Vocalizing ♪
♪ Aerosmith's "Livin'
on the Edge" ♪
♪ There's something wrong
with the world today ♪
♪ I don't know what it is ♪
♪ Something's wrong
with our eyes ♪
♪ We're seeing things
in a different way ♪
♪ And God knows it ain't his ♪
♪ It sure ain't no surprise ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ We're livin' on the edge ♪
Come on.
♪ Livin' on the edge ♪
Fuck it.
Please. help... help us.
Please. God. Uh...
Send fucking help.
We're out here!
We need some fucking help!
Are you there?
Can you hear me?!
Someone please help. Please.
Please. just fucking
send help. Please.
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Can anyone hear me?!
I can hear you.
♪ Livin' on the edge ♪
♪ You can't help
yourself from falling ♪
♪ Livin' on the edge ♪
♪ You can't help
yourself at all ♪
♪ Livin' on the edge ♪
♪ You can't help yourself.
you can't help yourself ♪
♪ Livin' on the edge ♪
♪ You can't help yourself.
you can't help yourself ♪
♪ Livin' on the edge ♪
♪ You can't help yourself ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ Livin' on the edge ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah... ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm